.TH GOAHEAD "1" "March 2013" "goahead" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
goahead\- Embedded HTTP Web Server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B goahead [options] [documents] [[IP][:port] ...]
.P
.B goahead 
[\fI--auth authFile\fR]
[\fI--background\fR]
[\fI--debugger\fR]
[\fI--home directory\fR] 
[\fI--log logSpec\fR]
[\fI--route routeFile\fR]
[\fI--version\fR]
[\fI--verbose\fR] [IP][:port] [documents]
.SH DESCRIPTION
GoAhead is popular, simple embedded HTTP web server.  It is a fast, small-footprint, single-threaded, standards-based, 
portable server developed for use by embedded devices and applications.  It can run as a stand-alone web server or the
GoAhead library can be embedded in applications. 
.P
GoAhead supports HTTP/1.1, SSL, digest, basic and web-form authentication, chunked transfers, 
file upload and sandbox security limits.  
.P
When goahead is built, it is configured to open a port for HTTP requests and optionally one for SSL. However, 
if goahead is invoked with an IP address or port number on the command line, GoAhead will listen on these ports instead.
If the PORT component is omitted, GoAhead will listen
on port 80. If the IP address is omitted and a port is supplied, GoAhead will listen on all network interfaces.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--auth filename\fR
Define the name of the authentication configuration file. This is by default \fBauth.txt\fR.
If GoAhead is built with PAM support (Unix Pluggable Authentication Modules), then passwords will be authenticated
from the system password database.
.TP
\fB\--debugger\fR
Run GoAhead in debug mode and disable all timeouts. This disables request and session timeouts.
The \fB-d\fR option is an alias for --debugger.
.TP
\fB\--log logSpec\fR
Name the GoAhead log file. This will override the ErrorLog directive 
in the configuration file.  When the maximum size is exceeded, the log file will be rotated to logName.old 
and a new log file will be started. The \fB-l\fR option is an alias for --log.
The syntax is: 
.PP
.RS 6
 --log logName[:logLevel][.maxSize]
.RE
.TP
\fB\--home directory\fR
Define the server home directory for GoAhead.
.TP
\fB\--route routeFile\fR
This option overrides the default route configuration file name of "route.txt". When GoAhead starts, it reads the
route configuration file to load URI routes. These routes define what actions should be taken when various client
requests are received.
.TP
\fB\--verbose\fR
Shorthand for --log stdout:4. The \fB-v\fR option is an alias for --verbose.
.TP
\fB\--version\fR
Output the product version number.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <dev@embedthis.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003-2013 Embedthis Software.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
gopass, webcomp
