.TH MAKEROM "1" "March 2013" "makerom" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
webcomp - Compile files into C source code
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B webcomp [options] files ... >output.c
.P
[\fI--files fileList\fR] 
[\fI--name structName\fR]
[\fI--prefix prefix\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
To enable files to be accessed on embedded systems without a file system, the
\fBwebcomp\fR command converts arbitrary files into C code that
can be compiled and linked into a program. This is useful for applications
that must execute completely from ROM and not access a file system.
This facility can also enhance security by preventing the
modification of files.
.PP
The MPR portable runtime provides routines which can then read these files
much as you would read any file on disk.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--files fileList\fR
Option to provide a list of files that should be converted.
\fB\--p prefix\fR 
Specifies a prefix to remove from each of the compiled file names. 
.TP
\fB\--name structName\fR 
Specifies the name of top level C structure that holds the converted files.
.TP
\fB\--prefix prefix\fR 
Specifies a leading file name prefix to remove from the file names.
.PP
.SH "EXAMPLE"
This example will create a list of web files and then convert these
files into C structures in the file romFiles.c.

.PP
    find web -type f -print >fileList
.PP
    webcomp --files filelist >romFiles.c
.PP
    cc -o romFiles.o romFiles.c

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <dev@embedthis.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003-2013 Embedthis Software.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
